[Monitor] Enabling Sovereign Cloud Support for Monitor Query (#36063)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/monitor/azure-monitor-query/README.md

    .buildAsyncClient();
```

#### Configure clients for non-public Azure clouds

> By default, `LogQueryClient` and `MetricQueryClient` are configured to connect to the public Azure Cloud. These can be configured to connect to non-public Azure clouds by passing in the correct `endpoint` argument: For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `LogQueryClient` and `MetricQueryClient` are configured to connect to the public Azure Cloud. These can be configured to connect to non-public Azure clouds by setting the correct `endpoint` in the client builders: For example:
```

Creating a `LogsQueryClient` for Azure China cloud:

```java readme-sample-createLogsQueryClientWithSovereignCloud
LogsQueryClient logsQueryClient = new LogsQueryClientBuilder()
    .credential(new DefaultAzureCredentialBuilder().build())

>     .endpoint("https://api.loganalytics.azure.cn/v1")

Reviewer: Is `v1` needed?
